half-life finally old men
I meant retiro sleep with the best channel
games heard your requests and made
release about this game so
let's not hesitate and without further ado
let's start to reveal the incredible
and an interesting half-life story
and instead of the splash screen, I’m saying that we don’t
get half-life 3 we get only
big fat dick and so in my year
birth is not yet born
thundered all over the world and company
valve
it was created by two people from
microsoft and michael harrington
of which of course no one knows
geyby newell fat old man enough
make games that make in any
case these two guys are having seen
serials secret materials and beyond
the possible
as well as having read steven king
comes up with a half-life game
sci-fi story about how
due to an unsuccessful experiment in our world
through only spatial portal
snuck in
aliens and close it can only
one person person whose name
gordon freeman
can
why did I take this photo anyway you
play as a very silent engineer
a scientist who implicitly follows
all the instruction that gets in the course
games
little son about thinking with his head
although maybe it's good for the whole game
he doesn't say a word because n knows what
lurking in his mind
in fact, I’ll have enough fun
this masterpiece so prepare your
farts to seriousness tacit right
on and constant monitoring of everything from
first person is thoughtful
psychological inducing force
player feel part of the plot and
hold a bunch of free games
of time
bite the job guys i want you
warn that we won't disassemble
each half-life part separately we
let's talk only about its features and
individual characters since if we
let's start discussing each half-life series
but just the way I want it will take
about an hour maybe even shorter
continue half-life and no quests as
open world well, like all locations
connected but to go to the next
need to wait out the download open world
just does not allow the engine itself
By the way about him the engine was bought and a little
converted from popular at that time
games quake what is there with me now
pleasure for hacked if you then
gone but we are talking about half-life and
single nonlinear moment
is the ending of the game where we
have to choose either to obey
jim well either return to zen
alien world in which we are waiting for only
death push ups we'll talk separately
like the most mysterious and it seems the most
meaningful characters of the half-life universe
and here is an interesting fact of the game portal series
takes place in the same universe that
half-life games
the only thing is unclear which ones
time intervals occur action
in both games because at the beginning of the second
half-life we find out that we were frozen
several decades and at the beginning
the second portal find out what were
already conserved for several hundred years
I looked for a bit and found what I found in
the end of the first portal when strokes sing
song on credits by about the second
minute go the next words go away and
leave me i think i would prefer
stay inside maybe you will find
someone else will help you
may be merci and ellipsis in the same
moment down on the left of the screen
numbers and characters drawn symbol
black mesa back to our topic in
the second half-life and the plot took just
awesome momentum and I speak immediately to
all created episodes of course to
make this release I played in each
of them and I will say right away what is huge
amount of plot information is simply not
It will turn out to be a spoiler for 1 release
so we'll talk about parts
games
and specifically about a character named Jane
in fact his name is unknown
the fact that in America so called man
from the city government like gym and
passing half-life you probably noticed
that this neatly dressed man
quite often watching you and at the end he
says you did everything right
further it appears in all true
half-life parts
and increasingly start on you
work if at first he says
that he has a tenant and that
subsequent passage jimin gives
understand that now he has appeared
personal interests are known only
the following abilities are jim na
he can put stasis this state
similar frosts but somewhere in there
less outside space can not be
killed by ordinary weapons and can
can move in space by some
way to influence people's minds
and also stop the events in need him
moment but he also has weaknesses because
the game has a moment when the Vortigonts
appears in purple irradiation and
rescues freeman from under the action of jim n
and also there are moments where jim and himself
says he ca n't watch
Freeman as much as he would like
and that he has limitations and here's another
interesting thing in the last one released
addition to portal 2 can stumble
on this picture in person
costume this is cave johnson founder
apertures but honestly whom he to you on
really reminds
seems to be somewhere here and the connection is groped
portal with half-life but very, very
dimly and in general I prepare for release
I read so many crazy theories that
I had a thought to create more
one program but more on that later, what about
half-life 3 then looked through and read
and all interviews with geyb newwell we
we see that he constantly evades
questions about this game
if in one interview valve is diligent
half life of the busy in another
interview they say more importantly
develop a new engine
no one at the moment
can say for sure when it comes out 3
half-life and whether it ever came out
so hackneyed theme that mom is
Internet is no longer counted
so we only have husband and ca
wait and search for news on the Internet
spending more time behind the monitor
without getting up from the computer
auto fat dick and that's it as always
maximum information minimum time
thanks for watching friends put
likes leave your comments
also subscribe to the channel and group
best games with you was the river that is the river
rolsen and we will see you next
video